Update tutorials, closes MISC-212 (#58)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/tutorials/_includes/upload_api.md

> 

Reviewer: We should remove this whole section, which has nothing to do there. The goal of these tutorials is to have as few steps as possible to have a working configuration.

First, you need to create an API Token as our REST API is secured.

> Back in FrontLine, click on **API Tokens** in the left navigation bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Back in Gatling Enterprise Cloud, click on **API Tokens** in the left navigation bar.
```

{{< img src="api_token_navigation.png" alt="Sidenav navigation" >}}

> Click on the Create button in order to create an API Token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the **Create** button in order to create an API Token.
```
